eb notes 1/28/22 9:35pm:)

just wanted to leave a couple of longer notes here, but i put some comments in situ with "eb:" in the Rmd

I think overall there's some cool stuff here, and some nice analysis, figures, and results!
I know that the closer the deadline the less i want substantive feedback so i will not be offended at all if you largely ignore what i'm raising below. you have my blessing to submit it with whatever further edits you make

1) cogsci audience
I think one thing i'd suggest doing is bringing in a bigger dose of how this potentially connects to the mental representations growing within the child. the grouchiest reviewer might be left thinking 'ok that's a nice pile of facts you've got there, what's it good for'. i think this is fixed by a few sentences sprinkled in tying what you hold/how long/what kind of thing it is back to what that then helps you do in your conceptual space, categorization abilities, lexical categories, etc. i also think a bit of discussion mixed in with the results in a 'this suggests xxx' kind of way can help this.

2) the words/objects framing
So *I* know why you're couching this stuff in 'and this might be good for word learning' but it strikes me that there could be an identical version of this paper where all the methods and results are the same but language is never invoked at all. I don't *think* you want that version, but there's a bit lost between the intro/discussion ties to words leraning and the inner parts. One way to potentially resolve this is to (with whatever hedges make you sleep better) talk about objects as nouns. now you can bring in things like basic level, sub/superordinate categories, generics, types/tokens, lexical diversity, etc. Plus potentially cool cross-ling things like actually this language has more generic/specific words like 'eat-banana' or 'carry long point thing' or whatever. you can also more clearly link word learning stuff with the preponderance of nouns in the early vocab crosslinguistically. there may be good reasons that for yeli and tseltal this is a bad idea but i feel like some kind of objects->word learning glue is needed to make those parts of the framing make more sense

3) age: one thing that was a little hard for met o tell without some sort of age related figure was whether some of the lack of age effects might be sample size limitations. but that's not that big of a deal. i would like an age related figure since that's highlighted as a notable result in abstract (noted this in text too i think)

4) if you add stuff like i suggest, what should go? i think there are some analyses that are cool but aren't necessarily adding to the 'overall, very similar across our sites' theme, or stuff like the point about camera handling can go, or 'categories trending towards significance'